Adds session documentation (#18961)
rapid7/metasploit-framework: docs/metasploit-framework.wiki/Metasploit-Guide-MySQL.md

run cidr:/24:mysql://user@192.168.222.0 threads=50 pass_file=./wordlist.txt
```

### Obtaining an Interactive Session on the Target

The CreateSession option in `scanner/mysql/msql_login` allows you to obtain an interactive session
for the MySQL client you're connecting to. The run command with CreateSession
set to true should give you an interactive session:

```
run rhost=127.0.0.1 rport=4306 username=root password=password createsession=true

[+] 127.0.0.1:4306        - 127.0.0.1:4306 - Found remote MySQL version 11.2.2
[+] 127.0.0.1:4306        - 127.0.0.1:4306 - Success: 'root:password'
[*] MySQL session 1 opened (127.0.0.1:53241 -> 127.0.0.1:4306) at 2024-03-12 12:40:46 -0500
[*] 127.0.0.1:4306        - Scanned 1 of 1 hosts (100% complete)
[*] Auxiliary module execution completed
msf6 auxiliary(scanner/mysql/mysql_login) > sessions -i -1
[*] Starting interaction with 1...

mysql @ 127.0.0.1:4306 () >
```

> You can interact with your new session using `sessions -i -1` or `sessions REPLACE_WITH_SESSION_NUMBER`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can interact with your new session using `sessions -i -1` or `sessions <session id>`.
```

Maybe we should update this to be in line with what is currently in the `cmd_sessions_help`.

https://github.com/rapid7/metasploit-framework/blob/cd8cc75cf33e0992e33f724325f81bcd93eecb5f/lib/msf/ui/console/command_dispatcher/session.rb#L142

run cidr:/24:mysql://user@192.168.222.0 threads=50 pass_file=./wordlist.txt
```

### Obtaining an Interactive Session on the Target

The CreateSession option in `scanner/mysql/msql_login` allows you to obtain an interactive session
for the MySQL client you're connecting to. The run command with CreateSession
set to true should give you an interactive session:

```msf6
run rhost=127.0.0.1 rport=4306 username=root password=password createsession=true

[+] 127.0.0.1:4306        - 127.0.0.1:4306 - Found remote MySQL version 11.2.2
[+] 127.0.0.1:4306        - 127.0.0.1:4306 - Success: 'root:password'
[*] MySQL session 1 opened (127.0.0.1:53241 -> 127.0.0.1:4306) at 2024-03-12 12:40:46 -0500
[*] 127.0.0.1:4306        - Scanned 1 of 1 hosts (100% complete)
[*] Auxiliary module execution completed
msf6 auxiliary(scanner/mysql/mysql_login) > sessions -i -1
[*] Starting interaction with 1...

> mysql @ 127.0.0.1:4306 () >

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
mysql @ 127.0.0.1:4306 >
```
should be able to remove that from here with this PR https://github.com/rapid7/metasploit-framework/pull/18979
